XXXXXXXXXXXX


EX-3.3 6 file6.htm INVESTMENT LICENSE-NO. 140/GP


                                                                     Exhibit 3.3

                 STATE COMMITTEE FOR CO-OPERATION AND INVESTMENT





                               INVESTMENT LICENCE





                                   No : 140/GP
                         Date of issuance : 5 March 1991


STATE COMMITEE
     FOR                                        SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF VIETNAM
COOPERATION AND                               Independence - Freedom - Happiness
 INVESTMENT

                                                       Hanoi, the 5th March 1991


                                    CHAIRMAN
                                       OF
                THE STATE COMMITEE FOR COOPERATION AND INVESTMENT


- Pursuant to the Law on Foreign Investment in Vietnam passed by the National
Assambly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam on the 29th of December 1987 and
the Law on Amendment and Addition of a Number of Articles of the Law on Foreign
Investment in Vietnam passed by the National Assambly of the Socialist Republic
of Vietnam on the 30th of June 1990

- Pursuant to the Decree No. 31-HDBT dated on the 25th of March1989 of the
Council of Ministers regulating the obligations and rights and organizational
chart of the State Commitee for Co-operation and Investment ;

- Considering the Application and documents submitted on the 13th of July 1990
by Mineral Development Company Ltd. (MIDECO), Bong Mieu Gold Mining Enterprise
and Covictory Investment Ltd. (CIL) of Australia for establishment of a Joint
Venture Company for gold mining at Bong Mieu;



                                     DECIDES


Article I.


To Permit the two sides, namely:


Vietnamese side :MINERAL DEVELOPMENT COMPANY Ltd (MIDECO) belonging to the
Ministry of Heavy Industry and BONG MIEU MINING ENTERPRISE belonging to the
People's Commitee of Quang nam - Da Nang Province, which is represented by
MINERAL DEVELOPMENT COMPANY Ltd- (MIDECO) having the headquarters at 6 Pham Ngu
Lao Street, Hanoi;

Foreign side: COVICTORY INVESTMENT LIMITED (CIL) representing CIL and
GARIMPERIOS N.L of Australia, having headquarter at 10th Floor, Griffin Centre,
28 the Esplanade, Perth, Western Australia;

to establish a Joint Venture Company for gold Mining at Bong Mieu.

Article 2.

The name of the Joint Venture Company shall be BONG MIEU GOLD MINING COMPANY
abbreviated to BOGOMIN Co. Ltd.

The Joint Venture Company shall enjoy the juridical person status, possess its
own seal and shall open its accounts with banks in accordance with Vietnamese
Laws.

The headquarters of the Joint Venture Company shall be at Bong Mieu of Tam Ky
District, Quang Nam - Da Nang Province, Vietnam.



Article 3.

a) The invested capital of the Joint Venture Company shall be thirteen million
two hundred thousand United States dollars (USD 13.2 million), including

- Fixed assets: USD 12.2 million

- Working capital: USD 1.0 million

b) The legal capital of the Joint Venture Company shall be one millions United
State dollars (USD l million), to which

-The Vietnamese side shall contribute the equivalent of USD 200,000 in
Vietnamese dong and "kind", being 20% of the value of the legal capital,

- The foreign side shall contribute the equivalent of USD 800,000 in foreign
currencies, materials, equipment and expenditures for setting up the Company.


Article 4.

The Term of the Joint Venture Company shall be for twenty five (25) years,
beginning from the date of issuance of the Investment Licence. At the expiry
date, if necessary, both Sides shall apply for the extension with the State
Committe for Co-operation and Investment for approval.

Before starting exploitation the Board of Management of the Joint Venture
Company shall approve Security Regulations for the production process from
mining, storing, transportation, processing, melting to refining, etc and submit
it to the State Commitee for Co-operation and Investment for approval.


Article 5.

a) The product of the Joint Venture Company is licensed to export and sold in
the Vietnamese market in accordance with the Regulation of foreign currency
Management of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam.

b) The Joint Venture Company shall be entitled to an exemption of import duties
for all materials, equipment and spare parts imported by the invested capital of
the Company and for the amount of materials, equipment corresponding to its
exported products.

The imported materials and equipments, if sold in Vietnam, shall be subject to
payment of sales tax and import duties in accordance with the present
Regulations.




Article 6.

The Joint Venture Company shall be liable to pay

- Royalty: Three per cent (3%) of the sales price at the time when the gold is
melted in Vietnam.

- Rents for land : USD 200 per hectare per year;

- Corporate profit tax: Eighteen per cent (18%) of actual profits for the first
five (5) profit making years. The level of Corporate profit tax of the
succeeding years shall be decided by the State Committee for Co-operation and
Investment on the basis of the actual profits of the first five profit-making
years and reasonable benifits for the Joint Venture partners and the State of
Vietnam and it shall not exceed 25% of the profits even in favorable conditions.

- The Joint Venture Company shall be entitled to enjoy an exemption of corporate
profit tax for the first two profit-making years.


Article 7.

After implementation of financial duties to the State of Vietnam and setting-up
company funds the profits of the Joint Venture shall be shared as follows:

Vietnamese side: 20%;
Foreign side: 80%.


Article 8.

At the remitance of profits aboard the foreign side shall be liable to pay 5%
of the remited profits.


Article 9.

After receiving the Investment Licence BOGOMIN Co.Ltd shall submit a list of
imported equipment and materials to the Ministry of Commerce for approval and
issuance of an Import Licence in accordance with the Circular No. 164/HTDT-VP of
the State Committee for Co-operation and Investment.



Article 10.

During its operation the Joint Venture Company shall observe Vietnamese Laws,
the terms of the Investment Licence, the provisions of the Joint Venture
Agreement and the Charter of the Joint Venture Company, including the amended
and added provisions in the writings signed on the 4th of October 1990 by the
two sides of the Joint Venture, and the Security Regulations stated in Article 4
hereof. Those provisions of the above mentioned documents which are inconsistent
with the spirit of the Investment Licence shall be understood in accordance with
the terms hereof.

Article 11.

This Investment Licence represents the Certificate of Registration of the
Charter of Bong Mieu Gold Mining Joint Venture Company and shall be valid from
the date of signing.

Article 12.

This Investment Licence is made in four (4) originals, two for the Joint Venture
partners, one for BOGOMIN and one for registration in the State Committee for
Co-operation and Investment.


             FOR THE STATE COMMITEE FOR CO-OPERATION AND INVESTMENT
                                VICE - CHAIRMAN








                                   NGUYEN MAI
                                    (Signed)




